account_module/bank
account_module/capital
account_module/coll_vat
account_module/equipments
account_module/inventories
account_module/payable
account_module/profit_loss
account_module/purchase
account_module/receivable
account_module/refundable_vat
account_module/sales
business_process_module/vifib_purchase_business_process
business_process_module/vifib_purchase_business_process/**
business_process_module/vifib_sale_business_process
business_process_module/vifib_sale_business_process/**
business_process_module/vifib_simple_sale_business_process
business_process_module/vifib_simple_sale_business_process/**
portal_categories/trade_phase/vifib
portal_categories/trade_phase/vifib/**
portal_categories/trade_state/**
portal_deliveries/vifib_payment_transaction_builder
portal_deliveries/vifib_payment_transaction_builder/**
portal_deliveries/vifib_purchase_packing_list_builder
portal_deliveries/vifib_purchase_packing_list_builder/**
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_invoice_builder
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_invoice_builder/**
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_invoice_transaction_builder
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_invoice_transaction_builder/**
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_invoice_transaction_trade_model_builder
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_invoice_transaction_trade_model_builder/**
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_packing_list_builder
portal_deliveries/vifib_sale_packing_list_builder/**
portal_rules/vifib_accounting_transaction_root_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_accounting_transaction_root_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_delivery_root_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_delivery_root_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_delivery_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_delivery_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_invoice_root_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_invoice_root_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_invoice_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_invoice_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_invoice_transaction_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_invoice_transaction_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_order_root_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_order_root_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_payment_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_payment_simulation_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_subscription_item_rule
portal_rules/vifib_subscription_item_rule/**
portal_rules/vifib_trade_model_simulation_rule
portal_rules/vifib_trade_model_simulation_rule/**
portal_solvers/Accept Solver
portal_solvers/Accept Solver/*
portal_solvers/Adopt Solver
portal_solvers/Adopt Solver/*
portal_solvers/Automatic Quantity Adopt Solver
portal_solvers/Automatic Quantity Adopt Solver/**
portal_solvers/FIFO Delivery Solver
portal_solvers/FIFO Delivery Solver/*
portal_solvers/LIFO Delivery Solver
portal_solvers/LIFO Delivery Solver/*
portal_solvers/Minimise Price Delivery Solver
portal_solvers/Minimise Price Delivery Solver/*
portal_solvers/Production Reduction Solver
portal_solvers/Production Reduction Solver/*
portal_solvers/Quantity Cancel Solver
portal_solvers/Quantity Cancel Solver/*
portal_solvers/Quantity Split Solver
portal_solvers/Quantity Split Solver/*
portal_solvers/Trade Model Solver
portal_solvers/Trade Model Solver/*
portal_solvers/Unify Solver
portal_solvers/Unify Solver/*
sale_trade_condition_module/vifib_simple_trade_condition